the maquettes of the lower forests are
as bold as their mountain cousins and
often venture out in search of new
opportunities there are all sorts of
perils but there are rewards too if
you're willing to take some risks
for over a hundred years people have
been growing the finest fruit and
vegetables on these warm rich soils
for these cheeky thieves it's
irresistible
growing perfect produce is a Japanese
obsession so the last thing people want
is marauding macaques as the day heats
up the farmers take a break the coast is
clear they have to be cautious if
they're spotted there'll be trouble
but every day they brave the electric
fences they know all the weak spots
where they can stage their raids and
they gorge themselves on the fruit of
the farmers Labor's they are almost
impossible to stop but the farmers are
not prepared to give in they bring out
their secret weapon specially trained
monkey dogs
the Japanese shiba inu is one of the
world's oldest breeds and people have
trained them to protect their crops
against monkeys as even a Japanese
saying that when people are fighting
they're like a dog in a monkey
but the rewards outweigh the risks I'll
be back again tomorrow
you